Diamond Health Club
      Facilities   ♦   Staff   ♦   Hours
Membership Options
Diamond Health Club offers a variety of membership programs, including one sure to meet your specific needs and budget. Pick up a membership form at the club or e-mail Ron Chi to request one.

Individual memberships
You must be eighteen or older to qualify for an individual membership.

Gold: Full access to the club and access to special Gold Member areas.
Full: Full access to the club during all open hours.
Weekdays: A low-cost option that allows you full access to the club from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Evenings: A discount program, allowing you access to the club from 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. every day of the week.
Early Bird: A discount program, allowing you access to the club from 5 a.m. to 8 a.m., every day of the week.
Weekends: Enjoy the club on Saturday and Sunday. Perfect for weekend warriors.
Seniors: We provide special membership rates for individual seniors.
Family memberships
With child care: This option is best for families who plan to use the children's play room, which is available for children ages 6 weeks to 12 years. The play room is open every day.
Without child care: Save a little on your membership if your family won't need access to the play room.
Couples: Memberships for married couples or domestic partners. Pick up a membership form for specific rules regarding eligibility.
Seniors: We provide special membership rates for senior couples.
Temporary memberships
Monthly: For our long-term visitors this membership provides access to the club for one month.
Weekly: For short-time visits, this membership provides one week of access to the club.
Daily: A daily pass to the club and all of its facilities.
Punch cards: Our punch cards allow guests complete access to the Club (except child care facilities) for a specific number of full days. Punch cards make great gifts and are available for 5, 10, and 20 visits.
Special events: Plan your parties and special work outings at the Diamond Health Club. Our onsite coordinator can meet your every need.
Diamond Health Club ♦ 4317 Alvin Way ♦ Boise, ID 83701 ♦ (208) 555-4398
Your Year-Round Source for Fun Family Health